added code-shaper to code generation tools (#1909)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/guides/monorepo-tools.mdx

We are planning to officially add code generation to `turbo` sometime in the future. In the meantime, we suggest using [plopjs/plop](https://github.com/plopjs/plop).

- [sapegin/mrm](https://github.com/sapegin/mrm) - Codemods for your project config files

> - [code-shaper/code-shaper](https://www.code-shaper.dev/) - Plugin-based code generation tool to scaffold applications and components. Builtin support for Turborepo. Off-the-shelf plugins for frameworks like React & Next.js, or write your own for custom patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [code-shaper/code-shaper](https://www.code-shaper.dev/) - Plugin-based code generation tool to scaffold applications and components. Built-in support for Turborepo. Off-the-shelf plugins for frameworks like React & Next.js, or write your own for custom patterns.
```
